System Programming
PROGRAMMING ASSIGNMENT

PART 1

	Write a procedure Enter-Symbol to construct a symbol table using a binary tree as the data structure for storage. Construct your tree so that an inorder traversal results in an alphabetized listing of the symbols. In addition to the symbols themselves, a hexadecimal value and a Boolean flag will be stored. Therefore each node in the tree will contain the following fields:

		Symbol (maximum of 6 characters)
		Value (hexadecimal number)
		Left pointer
		Right pointer
		Boolean flag

	Your procedure will receive as input a symbol and its hexadecimal and Boolean values. It will check that the symbol begins with an alphabetic character and that it has not been previously entered in the tree. A symbol that begins with a non-alphabetic character or that has already been entered should be rejected and cause an error message to be printed: "illegal symbol" or "doubly defined" respectively. A symbol with a length of more than 6 characters should be truncated. 

Part 2

Write a procedure Search_Tree that receives a symbol as input and searches the tree for it. If the symbol is not found an error message is printed: "undefined symbol". Otherwise the symbol along with its value and flag are printed.

Part 3

Write a procedure Print_Table to print the entire contents of the symbol table node-by node using an inorder traversal. Print each symbol along with its value and flag.

Part 4

Write a program that integrates the above 3 procedures. It will read a list of symbols, enter them into the symbol table by calling Enter_Symbol, search for some symbols by calling Search_Tree, and print the contents of the table by calling Print_Table. Use the test data which follows.

TEST DATA

Symbol 		Value 		Flag
Orange 		32 			false
Pear 			1c 			true
1 pear 		2a 			false
peach 		60 			true
Orange 		0D 			false
peach1 		23 			true
banana 		50 			false
mango 		45 			true
mellon 		80 			true
apple 		5A 			true
pear 			6B 			true
Eggplant 		9c 			False

search the table for: 	orange
					carrot 
					apple 
					mango
